Docs clarify statistics outputs (#523)
databrickslabs/dqx: docs/dqx/docs/guide/data_profiling.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Understanding Summary Statistics
<Admonition type="info" title="How the data is profiled">
To ensure efficiency, summary statistics are computed on a **sampled subset** of your data, not the entire dataset. By default, the profiler proceeds as follows:

1. It **samples** the rows of the dataset you provide by using Spark’s `DataFrame.sample` (default `sample_fraction = 0.3`), which is probabilistic, hence the sampled row count is not guaranteed to be exact; the number may be slightly higher or lower.
2. A **limit** is applied to the sampled rows (default `limit = 1000`).
3. Statistics are computed on this final **sampled-and-limited** DataFrame.

> **These are defaults and can be customized** via `profiler_config` in the [configuration file](/docs/installation/#configuration-file) or programmatically with the `DQProfiler` `options` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**These are defaults that can be customized programmatically as detailed in the [Profiling Options](#profiling-options) section, or via `profiler_config` in the [configuration file](/docs/installation/#configuration-file) if DQX is installed as a tool.**
```

> **These are defaults and can be customized** via `profiler_config` in the <a href="/docs/installation#configuration-file">configuration file</a> or programmatically with the `DQProfiler` `options` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**These are defaults and can be customized** via `profiler_config` in the [configuration file](/docs/installation/#configuration-file) or programmatically with the `DQProfiler` `options` parameter.
```
